
In the past I had misplaced my phone severally which had affected my contacts distribution. This led me to think of the proper way to resolve this problem so that I could still access my contact during this period. Two ways I discovered in the period of my research.

One was to explore the cloud platform  which without doubt provides the best option because cloud platforms like Google, yahoo etc. have made it seamless to synchronize your contacts between your local drive and the cloud platform but just like the saying: ‘for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction’ which is reminiscent of  a third world country like Nigeria where access to internet is scarce and the larger percentage of the population do not have access to sophisticated gadget that can get this done for them.

This invariably means we have to source for other alternatives in retrieving our contacts. Fortunately most phone has the option of exporting ones’ contact in the format `.vcf` which can be stored in a drive for future reference, but if this file is loaded using text applications like notepad or sublime text it would only become more difficult to make much meaning out of the content of the vcf file due to the fact that the vcf file comes with so many unwanted strings. Since the vcf files is built on a Unicode string formatting, it converts images to hexadecimal, which will also create a constraint in scanning through the contacts generated by the vcf file, and the vcf file is not always sorted which might make it very difficult to locate a definite contact. This is the problem that this module `contact parser` is set to resolve.
1.	To remove the unwanted string and hex where they exist 
2.	To sort the contacts so that it becomes easier to sort

For privacy reasons, I did not include any .vcf file as part of the file uploaded to GitHub. Also, I have deleted the output of the code that shows the end result of the code. If you are keen on running the code I strongly advise you try it out on an exported contact from you phone.

*This is a work in progress as one can envisage that the code will be put into production soonest.*

**I would consider it an honor to hear your comments on the work.** 
